that's high can you see that in camera
that's high each of vegetables kids
good morning breakfast
we are eating breakfast and then after
breakfast we are going to the gym I'm
gonna lift some weights right it to the
gym
where are we headed right now we're
picking up the LeAnn oh and we are going
to a trail what is it gold avalon we are
going to the avalon trails that is a
nature walk odd thing explain it i don't
know how to explain it it's badass there
you have it folks we got to the Avion
trails but it's a little dark ok the
camera is gonna die maybe like three
seconds choking before my camera dies
i'm gonna make a quick announcement i
will be making a video every week
starting today